Document attributeFacetMinimumDocumentCount & categoryFacetMinimumDocumentCount (#147)
front-commerce/developers.front-commerce.com: source/docs/reference/configurations.md

### `config/website.js`

<blockquote class="feature--new">

>   _`search.attributeFacetMinimumDocumentCount` and `search.categoryFacetMinimumDocumentCount` have been added in Front-Commerce `2.3.0`. Before this version, Front-Commerce behaves as if those parameters are set to 1._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  _`search.attributeFacetMinimumDocumentCount` and `search.categoryFacetMinimumDocumentCount` have been added in Front-Commerce `2.3.0`. Before this version, Front-Commerce behaved as if those parameters were set to 1._
```
